Task 2-2 is going to wait on full rebuild of the matching

task 2-5 should be done soon, one of the next couple sessions

task 2-6 means task 2-5 should be done every week

task 2-11 deferred until there's only two weeks left

Task 3-13 in progress, anticipate 1 more week

Task 4-9 essential before we can finish research agent, which has it's own roadmap. we will have to make a roadmap to create 20 known employer gold standard dossiers

Task r3-1 we can do soon

Phase 5 all of these are under expanding information about states and localities. We need to add a large task of getting many state and local contracts. Going to require it's own full roadmap. And decisions need to be made about the feasibility of PERB collection.

Phase 7: task 7-2 the research will be done at some point

Task 7-3 investigate then decide if fixable

Task 7-7 need to improve this, need to make sure unions are deduplicated and manual checks

Task 8-1 we need a full roadmap for both collection and integration

8-2 is almost completely separate from everything else. It's its own type of tool. But that means we should develop a full  roadmap about getting it working and treat it almost as a separate project in parallel

8-3 we have a full roadmap right now. Need to review and see how useful it is. 

8-4 we need to decide how useful this is and what the use cases are? Is this going in the research agent? what are the use cases

8-5 need to figure out why this is important, might be useful, but also might not be

8-6 figure out same time as deployment. Last feature we would integrate

8-8 makes sense

Also we need another full multi-AI audit of the code, of the functions, of all the documents, need to make sure we have a useable index of documents, and more. 

Another long-term task is the mergent intellect files. around 1.72 million, I've pulled 400k. This provides duns and ein, and hierarchy and improves depth of many of the targets.

All the open question links we should retain and match to relevant tasks.
 